This project is a simple AI-powered document reviewer that processes .docx files, extracts text, and generates concise feedback using Google Gemini AI. The backend is built with Express.js, while the frontend uses vanilla JavaScript for a lightweight user experience.

Installation & Setup
1. Clone the Repository

git clone <repository-url>
cd <project-folder>

2. Install Dependencies
Backend (Express.js) Setup
Navigate to the backend directory and install required packages:

npm install express multer mammoth cors @google/genai dotenv

Frontend Setup
No additional setup is required for the frontend—just ensure a local web server runs the HTML/JS files.

3. Set Up API Key
Create a .env file in the root directory [ **IMPORTANT : Even though the api key has been left public in this project, it's a major security and privacy risk and ya'll should be smarter than me ] 
Add your Google Gemini AI API key: *key*

GOOGLE_API_KEY=your-api-key-here

4. Run the Server
Start the backend with:

node server.js

It should now be running on http://localhost:5000.

Usage:

Uploading a Document

Click on the "Choose File" button to select a .docx file.

The file name will appear once selected.

Click the "Submit" button to upload and process it.

AI Feedback Generation:

The server extracts raw text from the document using mammoth.

The extracted text is sent to Google Gemini AI, which analyzes and returns feedback.

The feedback is displayed in a structured, bullet-point format on the webpage.

Key Functionalities:

Backend (server.js):
Handles File Uploads: Uses multer to process .docx files in memory.

Extracts Text from Documents: mammoth parses the text while preserving readability.

Calls Google Gemini AI: Sends extracted text to generate structured feedback.

Returns AI Response: The API response is sent back to the frontend.

Frontend (index.js):
Handles File Selection & Upload: Captures user file input and sends it to the backend.

Displays AI Feedback: Parses the AI response and renders it properly with bullet points.
